the auditions in a couple of hours and I
don't even understand in the game hole
do you want some help
oh really that'd be great hey you guys
can be the contestants awesome okay I
guess we can lose the junior high girl
some other time all right let's play
bamboozled bamboozled yeah it's not a
cool name yeah uh okay our first
contestant is Ross Geller why don't you
tell us a little bit about yourself Ross
well uh I I'm a paleontologist um I live
in New York I have a son
Ben uh I've been and I said a little bit
Ross now how about you Chandler well
Joey I'm a headhunter i hook up
out-of-work Soviet scientists with rogue
third world nations high-rise butan
excellent let's play bamboozled Chandler
you'll go first what is the capital of
Colombia Bogota its Bogota but close it
up now you can either pass your turn to
Ross or pick a wicked WANGO card what
does a wicked WANGO card do I should
know that let's see just one moment
please
um here we are a wicked WANGO card
determines whether you go higher or
lower higher lower than what this is
embarrassing
can you believe how lame this is I'm
sorry I don't believe contestants are
allowed to talk to each other all right
Ross you're in the lead
would you like to take another question
or spin the wheel of mayhem the wheel
has not been my friend tonight Joey I'll
take another question
okay this is gonna be tough hold your
breath it's okay I'm ready
no dude you gotta hold your breath you
ready to answer the question it's part
of the game ridiculous she's not gonna
okay what do you have a fear of if you
suffer from this phobia
Triss it's good holy cow that's a big
word Tris G seriously look at this thing
Chandler how do you say that I see them
this one right here triskaidekaphobia Oh
fear of Triscuits no no fear of the
number 13 fear of Triscuits it's
possible they've really sharp edges all
right Chandler you're up wait a minute I
believe I'm entitled to use my angel
pass for a free turn this game makes no
sense you know if you're just upset cuz
you're losing oh come on Ross I think
we're all losers here all right Chandler
you can either spin the wheel or pick a
Google card let me think let me think oh
I don't care
you you must choose mr. Bing either it
makes no difference
choose you jackass I'll take a card okay
you pick the gimme card you get all of
Ross's points what this game is kind of
fun you don't think it's a little crazy
that you get all my points I chose
anything contestants are supposed to
speak to each other in what John Huston
film would you hear this line badges we
don't need no stinking badges treasure
of Sierra Madre correct is a possible
backwards bonus Padre Sierra the of
treasure yes I'd like to go up the
ladder of chance to the golden mud hut
please wise choice
how many rungs 600 eyes can only mean
one thing
haha I'd like a wicked WANGO card okay
it's an audio question name this
television theme song duh up up up up
oh dude oh my god okay I know this human
gimme a sec intelligent time turtle shut
up I Dream of Jeannie yes yes you're
back in the lead
I'd like to spin the wheel
come on super speedy speed round
is there a hopping bonus of course who
invented bifocals Ben Franklin correct
which monarch has ruled Great Britain
the longest Queen Victoria correct again
but you forgot to switch legs between
versions oh so no hopping bonus over to
Chandler I'd like a Google card are you
sure yes no Google oh my god
congratulations Ross because Chandler
you've been bamboozled this is the best
game ever